the era of Asian exclusion marks the
emergence of federal immigration
restrictions until the late 19th century
the US federal government did not
regulate or restrict migration to the
country in the 1870s anti-chinese
xenophobic fervor grew in the US West
which was undergoing a dramatic
transformation in its economy following
the end of the Civil War in
1865 and the completion of the
transcontinental Ro in
1869 as May n notes the railroad quote
brought both new migrants and cheap
manufactured goods to California
undermining a previously protected
Market of high wages and high prices end
quote as we will see throughout US
immigration history non-white migrant
workers became cast as foreign
competition for scarce work and targeted
by nativists for exclusion